[DOC] Restructure Pyroscope documentation and share content (#3798)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/introduction/pyroscope-in-grafana.md

# Pyroscope and profiling in Grafana

> Grafana Pyroscope can be used alongside the other Grafana tools such as Loki, Tempo, Mimir, and k6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Pyroscope can be used alongside other Grafana products such as Loki, Tempo, Mimir, and k6.
```

You can use Pyroscope to get the most granular insight into your application and how you can use it to fix issues that you may have identified using metrics, logs, traces, or anything else.

Within Grafana and Grafana Cloud, you can use the [Pyroscope data source](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/grafana-pyroscope/) to query and visualize profile data from within Grafana.

## Visualize traces and profiles data

> Here is a screenshot of the **Explore** page where combined traces and profiles to be able to see granular line-level detail when available for a trace span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a screenshot of the **Explore** page that combines traces and profiles to be able to see granular line-level detail when available for a trace span.
```
